Update README and images (#78)
monsieurbiz/SyliusRichEditorPlugin: README.md

use Symfony\Component\Form\AbstractType;
use Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\TextType;
use Symfony\Component\Form\FormBuilderInterface;
use Symfony\Component\Validator\Constraints as Assert;

class GoogleMapsType extends AbstractType
{
    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options)
    {
        $builder
            ->add('link', TextType::class, [
                'label' => 'monsieurbiz_richeditor_plugin.ui_element.monsieurbiz.google_maps.field.link',
                'required' => true,
                'constraints' => [
                    new Assert\NotBlank(),
                ],
            ])
        ;
    }
}
```

### Add translations

> Don't forget to add the translations. Keys are autogenerated by the plugin or you can customize it in overriding the 

Reviewer: This is not true anymore.

```yaml

> monsieurbiz_richeditor_plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app:
```

    ui_element:

>         monsieurbiz.google_maps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        google_maps:
```

            title: 'Google Maps Element'
            short_description: 'Include a Google Maps'
            description: 'An element with a Google Maps link'

>             field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>                 link: 'Link'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            link: 'Link'
```

```

> ### Create the template to render it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create the templates to render it in front and in admin
```

> You have to create your render for the front, and also for the admin preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to create a template for the front and also for the admin's preview.
```

> Here is an example of simple render for this element which can be used in front and back : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a simple template for this our which can be used in front and admin:
```

```twig
<iframe id="gmap_canvas" src="{{ element.link }}" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" width="600" height="500" frameborder="0"></iframe>
```

> > Tip! You can access the UiElement itself via the `uiElement` variable in your template!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### The result !

> #### The element is on the UI Elements list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The element is in the UI Elements list
```

![The Google Maps element](screenshots/gmap_element.png)

> #### You have a form to edit it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### You now have a form to edit it (your form!)
```

![The Google Maps form](screenshots/gmap_form.png)

> #### It will use your template to render it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### And we use your templates to render your UiElement
```
